Rationale
As an aspiring developer, it is important to be able to demonstrate your abilities to prospective employers.
A great way to do this is to design, develop and deploy a website that showcases your talent, abilities and coding experience.
Description
You are to design, build, deploy and present a portfolio website.
The website needs to have the following information:

1. Your name and contact details.
2. Links to your Github and LinkedIn accounts.
3. Information about you to demonstrate your personality.
4. Your study and work history.

Submission
Please submit a zip file of your assignment. Once you have deployed your website to a hosting service, use the Canvas 'comment' feature to post the URL. This will make it easier for us to mark your assignment.

Deliverables
Design Documentation
1. Demonstrate your understanding of your site's audience
2. Demonstrate the design decisions made
3. Demonstrate that you considered usability heuristics
4. Any wireframes
5. Style guide
6. Personal Logo

Compliant website using HTML and CSS
Demonstrate knowledge of HTML and CSS:
1. Compliant HTML & CSS
2. Organised folder structure
3. Readable code
4. Meta tags
5. Contains a sitemap
6. Includes favicons
Published website
1. Website is published on the web
2. Contains all required information (listed above)
5. Displays correctly on mobile devices
6. Displays correctly in different browsers (Safari, Chrome, Firefox and Internet Explorer)
7. Use of images and/or other multimedia
8. Consistent use of fonts, colours
9. Navigation
10. Optimised images

Presentation
You are to deliver a 5 minute presentation to the class.
The presentation should include:
1. A Walk-through of your design decisions and documents
2. A review of your build process - challenges, favourite parts
3. A walk-through of your live site and pointing out its  features
4. Answer any questions from students or teachers.

Marking Guide
Deliverable | Mark
Design documentation | 30%
Website code | 30%
Published website | 30%
Presentation | 10%
TOTAL | 100%
